docs: add healthcheck documentation (#86)
okteto/docs: src/content/reference/docker-compose.mdx

  DB_HOST: postgres://${DB_HOST:-db}:${DB_PASSWORD}@postgres:5432/postgres
```

#### healthcheck (object, optional)

healthcheck declares a check that's run to determine whether or not containers for this
service are "healthy". 

> 

Reviewer: Also, it's a little confusing that we're using `int` and `string` for some fields and `duration` for others. Should we change `duration` to `int` too for consistency?

Author: It's how docke compose spec works. I also prefer to have everything as int with seconds as default measurement

> - `start_period` (duration): time after the container has started before healthcheck are initiated.

Reviewer: Is this correct?

```suggestion
- `start_period` (duration): Time between the start of the container and the initiation of the healthcheck.
```

> - `interval` (duration): Time between a failed healthcheck and a subsequent new try.

Reviewer 2: this also applies to consecutive successfully runs, no?

- `timeout` (duration): Number of seconds after which the healthcheck times out. 

> - `retries` (int): Number of retries before healthcheck fails.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `retries` (int): Number of retries before the healthcheck fails.
```

> - `test` (string): defines the command that will run to check container health. It can be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `test` (string): Defines the command that will be run to check the container's health. It can be
```

> - `test` (string): defines the command the Compose implementation will run to check container health. It can be

Reviewer 3: what do we mean by "the compose implementation"?

> - `test` (string): Defines the command that will be run to check the container's health. It can be

Reviewer 2: should we document the field `http` too?

> either a string or a list. If it's a list, the first item must be either NONE, CMD or CMD-SHELL.

Reviewer 3: what do we mean by "NONE"?

> If it's a string, it's equivalent to specifying CMD-SHELL followed by that string.

Reviewer: Can we include an example for this? That would make things more clear

```yaml
healthcheck:
  interval: 10s
  timeout: 10m
  retries: 5
  start_period: 30s

>   test: curl https://0.0.0.0:8080/readiness

Reviewer 3: can we use a non-http example here instead? (since we have a dedicated HTTP healthcheck,it'd be better to show another example here I think)

Reviewer 3: e.g. add a check to test if the DB is ready

    path: /
    port: 8080
```

> healthchecks can also tests a command as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
healthchecks can also test a command as follows:
```

> Http healthchecks can be defined as follows:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
HTTP healthchecks can be defined as follows:
```

> Http healthchecks can be defined as follows:

Reviewer 3: Can we treat this as the 'default' option instead? (put it first in the docs). I think this is the more common one no?

> healthchecks can also test a command as follows:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Healthchecks can also test a command as follows:
```

> healthcheck:

Reviewer 3: do these require any prerequisites on the container? (e.g. curl pre-installed)

Author: No, we are translating it to a liveness http k8s health check
